What is up guys and welcome x.
Now in this video we're going to be working up what the Cdn.
OK that is content delivery network and going to be showing you how that CDN feels romantically improve
the speed of the site.
OK not very much but it will help you a lot.
OK.
So after that I'll also show you how can you work with the SSL sort of the gate that you can get for
free.
So let's get started.
First of all what you have to do is that you need to go to CloudFlare dot com.
So this is a Web site that is that gives you the free CDN service and the SSL service as well.
Now this website is personal used by me if I want to go with the free plan.
OK.
So let's just go ahead and let's just go to the log in.
Since I'm already logged in here that is why I will go to log in but you have to sign up here with your
e-mail and your password and you can then log yourself in.
OK.
So once you click log in and once you log yourself in or once you have signed up at CloudFlare you basically
have to add your website to the CloudFlare.
OK.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to click here and type I have to just click here and it's going
to open up this Web site.
This pop up or this box and I am in here CloudFlare dot com slash a slash and dash site here I have
to enter the euro.
OK.
I'm going to copy this.
You are ill.
OK.
And then I get to come here and I'm going to paste it right here and I'm going to click Add side.
That's all you have to do.
And then CloudFlare vild attacked that you're creating your business record.
OK I'll just have to click next.
You will be taken to a new page pretty we'll ask you to select a plan.
So I'm going to be selecting the free plan.
OK so it does have the global CDN.
The unretired migration to us and the free shared SSL certificate.
So I'm going to be clicking here and I'm going to be clicking confirm plant that's all you have to do.
You are in here in a tastiness query.
So here everything will be here.
You don't have to do anything.
You just have to come here and you have to continue.
That's all you have to do.
And now you have to just copy the name servers so how you're going to do that.
You just have to log into the portal off your domain name.
OK the portal off the host gator.
Basically you just have to go to Portlock host gator dot com.
You have to enter the e-mail address there and then you have to log yourself in.
OK.
Let me show you.
You just have to log in there and then you have to just copy the name servers.
OK.
So if you have registered your domain name from another registrar and like go daddy or change name cheaper
anywhere else you can then change your name from name servers from there as well so you have to just
click domains.
OK.
And then you have to just see all these domains.
So let's suppose that if my domain name is on this one OK if my domain name is creator of P-doc site.
OK but since I'm working with NZL I have to change it.
OK.
So if let's suppose that this is your domain name.
You just have to go to the name servers.
That is right here and you have to click change and then you have to paste this name server.
Ok you have to just copy this.
You have to just copy this.
And then you have to paste that.
So once you just add your name servers you just have to click Save name servers and then you have to
come here and you have to hit continue.
So I'm going to be changing my name servers for I NZL dot com that I am applying for.
OK.
So I'm just pausing my video.
I'll change my name servers and then I'll be back.
So guys I have added my name servers.
Once again make sure that in the end it's six.
Go host Geter dot com.
This should be here.
OK.
This one should be here.
This change to this and this one which is this one should be changed did this.
OK.
So once you do that you just have to click continue and that's all you have to do.
Your web site.
They'll be in the DNS modification pendek so it will take some time.
OK like five hours maximum.
OK.
And once your domain name is done you just have to go ahead you just have to click recheck name servers.
And then it will be done.
So I'm just stopping my video right now and in the next video we'll just continue that how our Web site
the work.
And we will be moving on.
So stadium guys and Babai.